Located at heart of the kingdom, straddling the River Erren river, the capital city is a sprawling metropolis. Home to the royal household and over two hundred thousand citizens from all walks of life, Errenstar Capital is one of the largest cities in Sonovem, a famous hub of trade, commerce and culture. Some journey to the city to make their fortune, some to take up arms and pledge themselves to the Errenstar Royal Army and some, some are simply incapable of leaving.
A large, fortified wall protects the core of the city, through which the river flows south. Three mighty bridges span its width, connecting the west and east sides of the capital. The west is where the Royal Palace of Errenstar can be found, a grand structure secure behind secondary gates and battlements. In close proximity, the Errenstar Royal Barracks and training grounds of the Royal Army occupy a large space adjacent to the Palace. In general, the west is the most affluent area of the city, home to nobles, dignitaries, guildhalls and the most successful merchants. Crossing the bridges will take one to the eastern side of the city. This side of the city is more dedicated to industry and less overt in its wealth. Nonetheless, compared to those living beyond the walls or the regular small-folk of the kingdom, the people residing within the eastern city are rich, educated and prosperous.
Beyond the walls, the city continues as a sprawl of docks, slums, shanty towns, residential communities and farmland. In the south, The Cut, a rat’s maze of wooden, ramshackle buildings, formed from the overlapping and merging of dozens of slums, has emerged as its own microcosm, home to criminal gangs, smugglers and all manner of nefarious individuals. Their position outside the walls creates golden opportunities for criminals willing to smuggle unchartered goods from unchained vessels into the city. 
The river is key to the city’s prosperity, and Errenstar employs a unique system for managing the traffic. Any boat coming up river is connected to an unfathomably long circular chain. This chain is constantly pulled up river from a central Chainhouse in the city, powered by labourers turning vast gears. This way, Errenstar controls who enters the city, and who can do trade. Any merchants operating within the city need a royal charter. Without this writ, entering the city by boat is tremendously difficult.
